random room descriptions
You can hear the wind moaning outside.')
('You feel watched.')
'The reflections are wrong here.')
'Suddenly, you\'re struck by a ravenous hunger.')
'Your teeth feel wrong in your mouth.')
The floorboards creak underneath your feet.')
Suddenly, your heart starts beating faster.')
You feel sick.')
'Somewhere else, a door slams.
You hear a scream from somewhere else in the house.')
looking around answers
There\'s nothing interesting here.')
'Here\'s what you see:'
entrance
'The entrance, once grand, is now a shambling pile of rot and peeling paint.')
The black and white parquet is cracked and ruined. Sometimes, something hot and wet oozes from underneath the tiles.')
'You scream and bang on the door. It remains locked.')
'The wind howls outside.')
library
The walls are covered in heavy wooden bookshelves.'
Most of the shelves have collasped.
The smell of rot and mildew is overwhelming:'
Black mold covers everything.'
You can hear a faint dripping noise.')
The air feels thick in your throat.')
Most of the books have become swollen with water.')
They\'ve fused together.')
'Three books aren\'t too water damaged to read.')
'You leave the books alone to their somber, sodden rest.')
study
The study\'s wall are covered in writing.'
The words spiral out from the writing desk like someone starting writing and couldn\'t stop.')
The writing gets more erratic as it goes on.'
'Eventually the ink runs out and the words are scratched into the wall instead.')
...then the writer found a new kind of ink.')
study w/ knife
You can read the words out now.')
How could you not?')
They reads \"MEAT MEAT MEAT MEAT MEAT\"')
They\'re lyrics and you know the song.')
study scene
'You see some scattered matches on the table.')
Most of them have been ruined by the... ink... but some are still good.')
You pick the matches up.')
You leave them alone.')
I don\'t know what you mean.')
God... why does some of the ink still look wet?')
Statue room
statue descriptions
The room is full of different statutes of men grappling with snakes.')
All the statues are facing you. Have they always faced this direction?'), \
Did they always look this angry?')
There\'s only one statue in the room.')
It\'s of a young women.'), \
She\'s looking into a handmirror and crying.')
She looks... familiar.')
The room is filled with horse statues.')
The horses are bitng and tearing at each other.'
Eurgh!')
There\'s a statue of...')
'you?')
You\'re looking into a handmirror and crying.')
Bedroom
It\'s so dark...')
candle no matches
It\'s too dark to see.')
You have a candle, but nothing to light it with!')
'You should probably leave.')
matches no candle
'You try to light some matches...')
'You get a second of light!'), 
You see briefly what look\'s to be a bedroom- wait.')
Did something just move?')
The match burns out, leaving you with only burnt fingertips and a stone of dread rising in your throat.')
Best return with something to light the candle.
matches and candle
You see a spooky ghost girl!
nothing
It\'s too dark to see!'
You get a feeling you should leave.'
Kitchen
he kitchen is as hot as a furnace!
The stove has been left on, flames rage from behind it\'s glass window.
You try and turn it off but it\'s knobs are too hot for you to touch.'
kitchen scene
You see a sharp kitchen knife stabbed deep into the wooden countertop.')
It\'s gleaming metallic surface looks out of place amongst this run down kitchen.'
The knife feels good in your hand, like it\'s supposed to be there.'
The knife is added to your inventory.')
You leave it be, shining in the warm red light emanating from the oven.')
You already have the knife, remember? It hasn\'t left your hand.
It\'s too hot to touch!')
I did\'t understand that.'
Dining room
before scene
There\'s a dinner table set for two.')
'There\'s lovely silverwear, crisp white napkins.')
In the centre, something that used to be a roast chicken.')
It looks like it might have been out for a while.')
... It smells like it\'s been out for a while.')
A tall white candle gives off warm light.')
after scene
There\'s a table set for two.
The bone-whiteplates are empty. The smell of rot is intense.')
dining room scene
You blow out the candle.')
As soon as you do, the food resting on the dinner plates errupts into a cacophonous flurry of flies and cockroaches.')
'They fly thick and fast at your face; some get tangled in your hair, some get into your mouth.')
When they finally dissipate, the plates are empty.'
You pick up the candle and put it in your pocket.
The skin of the roast chicken bulges slightly.'